The dream of my life ten years from now has changed many times over these past few years. My experience got me new opportunities and broadened my horizon. Throughout grade and middle school, I pictured myself joining the National Defence Academy and further joining the Indian Army. Being aware of the least selection rate for the NDA, I prepared for it and got through the written examination and further interviews. Unluckily, I got out of the selection procedure after getting an injury in an anterior cruciate ligament in the right knee while playing in school. I could not pass the medical tests for the NDA because of my unfit body. My dream shattered in 12th grade and I had no idea what to do next in my life. I would be over aged by the time I would become fit for NDA again.

After the surgery for ACL reconstruction, lying on bed and demotivated, wasting my time on the internet became my routine activity. It was the first time when I got introduced to the Arduino microcontroller boards and electronics. I started to read some articles on the internet. Medium and circuit digest were the most common platforms I used to refer to. I started with the most common electronic components(from capacitors to resistors, diodes to linear voltage regulators) which are to be generally used in almost all the electronic and microcontroller projects.

I got to learn about applications of diodes and capacitors. With this knowledge and some resources, I did some calculations and made my first ever project. It was a smartphone charger. It took 
